everyone I hope you're doing well so
today I'm doing a empties video and I
have quite a few things because i
haven't done one of these videos in ages
so everything is just been kind of
accumulating but before i get started
because i know someone is going to ask
the lipstick i'm wearing right now is a
new maybelline vivid lipstick and this
one is in a shade 914 vibrant mandarin i
did do a makeup show on this look but
it's for the Maybelline channel so if
that gets approved then all be uploaded
on their channel if it doesn't get
approved then i'll probably just upload
those true on this channel and then my
dress is from asus ok on to the products
I'll start with makeup so finished up
troops Cara's first is the Australis
lash length extensions mascara actually
finish this one like a couple months ago
it's just been kind of sitting around in
my drawer waiting for this video answers
just a nice good to kind of every day
lengthening mascara and then the second
one is my Maybelline the falsies volum
Express fled I love this mascara
unfortunately it did to try out pretty
quickly so I put some saline solution in
it which I probably shouldn't I've done
just to kind of wet the formula again
but then it started to irritate my eyes
so throwing that one out this is really
good mascara gives amazing volume last
makeup product across and nail polish
which is pretty weird i don't really go
through nail polishes that quickly but
this is the OPI an affair in Red Square
this is my favorite like deep red nail
polish I actually bought this one over
three years ago this was my very first
OPI nail polish so I did of course
already repurchasing you one of these
but you can by OPI from David Jones and
Maya I think stocks it now as well so if
you're interested in Australia check out
those so that's everything from makeup
and the rest is just kind of a mixture
of skincare and body care so i finished
my L'Oreal youth code luminosity so this
is a face serum that I use every morning
before i put on my moisturizer and i
find it just going to help spur
moisturizer soak in and just really
hydrate my skin a lot better i really
liked this one I haven't repurchased it
yet so i'm not sure if i will just
because i'm looking for a serum was kind
of more natural ingredients so if you
have any recommendations for a good face
serum that's not too expensive let me
know
comments but this was a really nice one
then I finished up my benefit total
moisture facial cream this one I've
talked about in heaps of videos if you
have dry or dehydrated skin I would
highly recommend trying this it just
it's nice really thick consistency that
soaks into the skin and it just leaves
your skin so nice soft and not try at
all so I did finish that one up and I
will be repurchasing this I just haven't
got around to it yet and you can buy a
benefit from benefit counters in Maya
and just image own 7 I think it's just
Maya if you're wondering and then three
other benefit products that these are
all kind of mini sized ones that I got
in a little benefit trial kit thing so
first is the its potent eye cream and
this finish this one actually quite a
while ago but this was just a nice
little sample and it lasted me a decent
amount of time and that was the eye
cream and that was really nice to
nourishing and then I also finished the
firm really clean facial wash and the
refined finished facial polish so that
one was an exfoliator and so it's just a
face wash these are okay wouldn't
repurchase them though if you want a
fool kind of review off some benefit
skincare products I did do a full review
video so I'll link that in the downbar
if you're interested and then another
eye cream by a different brand this is
the natio ageless brightening eye cream
and with it sometimes voice yet organic
rosehip and vitamin c and so that's just
nice I cream I have to say to be honest
though I still haven't found like a Holy
Grail I cream I find they all kind of
much and muchness haven't found one
which has helped with a nice or
dehydration lines yet but I'm these are
good but I don't know I'm still kind of
trying out different eye creams i
finished my blistex intensive repair lip
balm and i've already agree purchased a
new one of these and I've almost
finished that one too thanks accutane
yeah I've gone through like two of these
in less than half a year so really good
product if you have extremely dry lips
and then I finished a bottle of my
bioderma cray line h2o missile air water
said this is just a makeup remover you
just pour a little bit onto a con
head and just wipe off your makeup I
makeup face makeup it will basically
take off everything I really liked this
I used it mainly for face makeup though
for my eyes I prefer to you something a
little bit stronger this is really good
probably won't repurchase this one just
because it is quite difficult to find
most people will find they have to buy
it online my friend bought this for me
when she went to Paris so that was
pretty lucky but too much effort to try
and buy another one so I have to support
another event so their water which you
can get from priceline and various
chemists hmmm i also finished my
palmer's cocoa butter moisturizing body
oil I went through like three or four of
these bottles whilst on accutane I'm
just really good when you're in the
shower too kind of leather in with your
body wash mr. Chief your shaving and
I've got really dry legs obviously you
do want to put a little bit of all
they're just kind of give the skin a bit
more sleep and it just yeah this is an
amazing product if you have dry skin and
I've already repurchased one of these
and then I finished my Nivea firming
body lotions this is the q10 um I
wouldn't say a really nice to about a
less skin with any firmer but I really
liked this one because it's quite a kind
of runny lotion and I find that's a good
moisturizer to use before I'm fake
tanning I find it just gives the most
smoothest application for fake tan so I
did repurchase this one coming up to the
last time I went through to makeup wipes
both by the brand Johnson's and this is
one for normal skin this is for dry skin
to really noticed any difference between
the two both just amazing and taking up
taking off makeup I do have I don't
really need to repurchase these because
when I bought them I bought them in the
three value pack so I still have two
left of each but these are amazing these
ones and my Neutrogena makeup remover
wipes are the only wiped that I like
swear by and would highly recommend
they're just amazing for taking off all
your makeup and very last provides my
rexona clinical protection
antiperspirant deodorant this one is in
altered rice it's little blue one they
all work exactly the same they just have
different sense the blue is my favorite
this is amazing for just to keep you
under arms fresh and clean and I'm not
going to go too much into antiperspirant
but this is an amazing product it's
expensive but it's totally worth it as
I'm ready we purchased one of these okay
sorry if I talked really fast in this
video
I'm trying to preform quite a few videos
today so hopefully I haven't rushed to
quickly through it but that is all of my
empties for the past months if you have
any questions on any other products let
me know in the comments hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I'll see you next
time hey